---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "massdriver_package_alarm Resource - massdriver"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource registers a package alarm in the Massdriver console for presentation to the user
---

# massdriver_package_alarm (Resource)

This resource registers a package alarm in the Massdriver console for presentation to the user



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cloud_resource_id` (String) The identifier of the alarm. In Azure it will be the id, GCP will be the name, and in AWS it will be the arn
- `display_name` (String) The name to display in the massdriver UI

### Optional

- `comparison_operator` (String) The operation to use when comparing the specified statistic and threshold
- `metric` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metric))
- `package_id` (String) The package ID associated with this alarm. If unspecified, the package ID will attempt to be read from the MASSDRIVER_PACKAGE_NAME environment variable.
- `period_minutes` (Number) The number of periods over which data is compared to the specified threshold
- `threshold` (Number) The threshold for triggerin the alarm

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String) A timestamp of when the last time this resource was updated

<a id="nestedblock--metric"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metric`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the metric. Required for all clouds.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the metric. Required for AWS and Azure. Omit for GCP.

Optional:

- `dimensions` (Map of String) The filtering criteria for the metric
- `statistic` (String) Aggregation method (sum, average, maximum, etc.)
